A reel by Sean McGuire,
"Dillon's Fancy."
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
Two hornpipes
playing Sean McGuire,
"Beatrix and the Novelty."
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
A reel by John
McGuire of Belfast,
who was Sean's father--
"A Pleasure Reel on
the Tin Whistle."
[TIN WHISTLE PLAYING]
McGuire continues with
"The Heaven Breathes."
[TIN WHISTLE PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE] O'Donnell of Belfast
plays a jig on the fiddle,
"Richard Burns' Favorite."
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
McGuire himself takes over
with a selection of reels.
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
McGuire continues with
"The Mason's Apron."
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
So this is a dedication
to Paddy O'Sullivan, who's
an outstanding musician from
the good old County Kerry,
and has done a lot for the
traditional Irish music
in greater New York.
So we're going to have
a dedication in honor
of the Paddy Killoran
Club of Greater New York.
It's a duet by Andrew Ros
Conroy and the one and only
Paddy Killoran, accompanied
by Harry Wicklow on the piano
accordion.
So now you'll have a
selection of the music
that we have in
greater New York.
And you can understand quite
clearly why we named it
the Paddy Killoran Club, because
the Paddy Killoran Club is
going to be outstanding
And anywhere
Paddy's name is mentioned, it
is outstanding by his records
and what he has done
for the Irish music.
And then later on we're going
to have the one and only
Mike Flynn, the
outstanding concert flute
player of Great Britain,
Ireland, and the United States.
Has nobody come along
yet to beat Mike Flynn.
And I'm very proud to say
that I was the first man
to shake his hand
in New York City.
[IRISH MUSIC PLAYING]
The last collection I had was
the three outstanding artists.
Of course, Paddy Killoran,
an outstanding artist,
and Harry Wicklow, an
outstanding artist,
and of course, the outstanding
artist Mr. Andrew Ros Conroy,
Champion Uilleann
Piper of Ireland.
He has been in possession
of the Oireachtas gold medal
since 1951.
But unfortunately, he
hasn't his pipes here,
but he's going back 20 years ago
when he used to play the flute.
So he's playing
the flute tonight.
So now I will turn you over
to the one and only artist
on the flute, which
I believe myself
that nobody can beat
him, the one and only
Mike Flynn, a wonderful
friend of mine.
I'm glad to have him
as a friend of mine.
Thank you.
[FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING]
Another selection of reels
from the one and only Paddy
Killoran, accompanied by Harry
Wicklow on the piano accordion.
So I hope everybody will enjoy
it as good as the company here.
Thank you once again.
So now I turn you over
to outstanding artists.
And, of course, anybody that
doesn't know Mr. Wicklow,
his parents come
by way of Dublin.
And, of course,
you all know where
Paddy Killoran comes from--
Ballymote, County Sligo.
[IRISH MUSIC PLAYING]
[MAN SINGING]
[INAUDIBLE] that colored
light and slumber [INAUDIBLE]
from crashing wines
and lashing seas.
The shameless waves
and lovely lands
breathe in the nation I demand.
Be sure the great God never
plans for slumbering slaves
a home so grand.
A long and free and hearty
race, honor [INAUDIBLE]
that glorious land.
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
That was Paddy Killoran that
was speaking to you there
and Mike Flynn.
I might just play a little
tune for your mother.
I think she will like it.
And the next one of the men
that's going to speak to you
is our good friend Ros Conroy.
Hello, Paddy.
This is Ros [INAUDIBLE].
I hope you enjoy the music.
We've done our little bit.
And of course, Mike
Flynn and Paddy Killoram
are used to playing
with one another.
So they're going to play
another little tune for you
now after a while.
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
Sean McGuire plays
a selection of jigs.
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
Sean McGuire plays a
selection of hornpipes.
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
Sean McGuire's father,
John McGuire of Belfast,
will play "The Maid of
Mount Cisco" on the piccolo.
A reel.
[PICCOLO MUSIC PLAYING]
We have a set dance,
"The Three Sea
Captain," played on the fiddle
by Dermot Gilmore of Belfast.
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
Once again, John
McGuire takes over
to play "The Heather Breeze,"
a reel, on the piccolo.
[PICCOLO MUSIC PLAYING]
"The Golden Key," by Paddy
O'Sullivan and Nick Irwin.
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
A couple of hornpipes
by Lou Quinn.
[FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING]
A reel by Sean Quinn.
Off to the hunt.